[LEOP-287]Apply all customize features to CRA5-Part2 (#145)
Skyscanner/backpack-react-scripts: packages/react-scripts/README.md

# backpack-react-scripts

> ### **Important:** The currently supported version of **CRA** by `backpack-react-scripts` is up to `v4.0.3`. Versions above this may not work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### **Important:** The currently supported version of **CRA** by `backpack-react-scripts` is up to `v5+`. Versions above this may not work.
```

This package is a fork of [Create React App](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app) (specifically the
`react-scripts` package). It's intended to be used in conjuction with `create-react-app` like so:

```sh

> npx create-react-app@4.0.3 my-app --scripts-version=@skyscanner/backpack-react-scripts --template @skyscanner/backpack --use-npm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npx create-react-app my-app --scripts-version=@skyscanner/backpack-react-scripts --template @skyscanner/backpack --use-npm
```
It should always use the latest version of CRA to do this.
